I am Hungarian I love Chinese food
so I slicing my chicken breasts and make
you kung pao chicken today and I show
you the easy way to make it
I think could it be the letter site well
you need a little salt and then I can
add one tablespoon of corn starch mix it
up soya sauce and this I will leave it
here resting this and then I can prepare
with veggies and thicknesses get season
colors
blessed it and I put it away the chicken
is marinating so now I made a cut hair
on only because this is celery and the
red pepper and then I will cut more
green onions adding oil to my pan and I
add marinated chicken breasts
[Music]
I try to separate that make sure there
is consumed but the motivation is many
for silence with the chicken but that
will give you the planner getting a nice
color
like this because my
here chicken is done I can take it out
if my heat was on high on clear B's plus
if I can add a little more oil and then
I am adding my onions or I am
sometimes I have to turn it fluffy a
little not much now I can add my veggies
a little bit something I didn't add a
little stock or I put a little Norfolk
and father in my water and then guess
what I use for this union episode we
flavor
you as its food stock pretty good
you have to find out concealer edgy cool
a little bit
of course a dentist and I fibre or water
the roots of the compasses I could
appeal by adding on a little chicken
evening because it's a bit about teeth
and mix it up and pour it on and that
worried about my fall
kung pao chicken and it's done chicken
is cooked through veggies is done when I
just for these things mix it up can I
hear my people right too much because
I'm like what is going on but the sauce
is done but I will taste that if you I
need more sauce I will add more stuff so
I could chicken with my comfort chicken
is done
[Music]
[Applause]
it is the Finnish compulsion with the
basmati rice
[Music]
you